In a world of interconnectedness, medical information ranging from news articles, medical advice to home-cooked remedies (on how to treat diseases) has become freely available on the internet. This abundance of information has made it very difficult for individuals to distinguish between trustful and false information. According to a study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project, about 80% of internet users frequently use the internet to search for health-related topics, therefore, as the number of internet users grows year on year it is becoming more excruciatingly important for users to know the accuracy of what they’re reading. During the coronavirus pandemic, misinformation on how to cure the virus spread like wildfire with advice ranging from the ingestion of garlic to the drinking of methanol, which, unfortunately, ended up killing 300 people and leaving more than 1000 seriously ill in Iran.

My application, Healthcare for the everyday user would combat misinformation by scraping text from only peer-reviewed scientific advice on well-established websites such as the NHS, providing users with the most up to date information on medical conditions, treatments, and latest medical articles. This software would be highly effective in attracting users across the UK as 93% of households have internet access according to a study done by the Office for National Statistics meaning a large percentage of the population will have the ability to utilize my application. If a computational approach were applied, the program would be decomposed into multiple self-contained modules, abstracting functions that may not be required by the user at a particular time, by using frames (pages) to hide any unrequired information.
Web scraping libraries would also allow the abstraction of required text thereby removing the need to crawl through elements of an upper hierarchy.
